Improve License Clarity at Top Package Level (#3792)
nexB/scancode-toolkit: tests/scancode/data/help/help.txt

                             contain over 90% of source files as children and
                             descendants. Count the number of source files in a
                             directory as a new source_file_counts attribute

>     --package-summary        Generate Package Level summary

Reviewer: This help text needs to be more descriptive. Keep in mind you also need to add documentation sections for this CLI section, but this can be done at a later stage too, when the code is ready.

                             contain over 90% of source files as children and
                             descendants. Count the number of source files in a
                             directory as a new source_file_counts attribute

>     --package-summary        Summarize scans by providing License Clarity Score at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --package-summary        Summarize scans by providing License Clarity Score and populating other license/copyright attributes for package instances.
```

Author: Resolved!
